[TDX-1407] add case sensitive flag option (#3277)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/openid-connect/index.md

      compatible:
    enterprise_edition:
      compatible:

>         - 2.6.x

Reviewer: @falondarville I don't see the version compatibility show up in the preview, but I assume this might be because 2.6 is not released yet so it display anything for unknown versions.
![Screen Shot 2021-10-11 at 3 46 33 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8764246/136847734-6068d24f-a55b-4fd5-b7a8-b0ae8764d453.png)

        - `id`: try to find the matching Consumer by `id`
        - `username`: try to find the matching Consumer by `username` 
        - `custom_id`: try to find the matching Consumer by `custom_id`
    - name: by_username_ignore_case
      required: false
      default: false
      datatype: boolean               

>       description: Whether or not `consumer_by` `username` can match consumers case-insensitively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      description: If `consumer_by` is set to `username`, specify whether `username` can match consumers case-insensitively.
```
Not sure about "specify" but can't think of a better word.
